Ned intro revision v2 (#2293)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/introduction/architecture.md

* TLS Termination with SNI Support
* HTTP Header modification

---

## Component Architecture

In the most basic sense, Gloo is a translation engine and [Envoy xDS server](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/xds_protocol.rst) providing advanced configuration for Envoy (including Gloo's custom Envoy filters). Gloo follows an event-based architecture, watching various sources of configuration for updates and responding immediately with v2 gRPC updates to Envoy.

![Component Architecture]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/img/component_architecture.png" %}})

> At the logical layer, Gloo is comprised of several different services that perform unique functions. Gloo sits outside the data path, providing the control layer for Envoy and other services through its transformation plug-in. 

Reviewer: nit, word-choice
```suggestion
At the logical layer, Gloo is comprised of several different services that perform unique functions. Gloo's control plane sits outside the request path, providing the control layer for Envoy and other services through its transformation plug-in.
```

### Secret Watcher

The *Secret Watcher* watches a secret store for updates to secrets (which are required for certain plugins such as the {{% protobuf name="aws.options.gloo.solo.io.DestinationSpec" display="AWS Lambda Plugin"%}}. The secret storage could be using secrets management in Kubernetes, HashiCorp Vault, or some other secure secret storage system.

### Endpoint Discovery

*Endpoint Discovery* watches service registries such as Kubernetes, Cloud Foundry, and Consul for IPs associated with services. Endpoint Discovery is plugin-specific, so each endpoint type will require a plug-in that supports the discovery functionality. For example, the {{< protobuf name="kubernetes.options.gloo.solo.io.UpstreamSpec" display="Kubernetes Plugin">}} runs its own Endpoint Discovery goroutine.

### Translator

> The *Translator* receives snapshots of the entire state, composed of the following configuration data:

Reviewer: specifically, this is the Gloo translator. there is a Gateway translator that receives a different set of resources

Author: Updated
